# Constraints: 0
# Models: 6
Avg time: 28.003333333333334
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100
c("[BirthAsphyxia|DuctFlow][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia|Disease][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia|Disease][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
# Constraints: 7
# Models: 30
Avg time: 61.26266666666667
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia|DuctFlow][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|BirthAsphyxia:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|DuctFlow][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|BirthAsphyxia][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|BirthAsphyxia]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
# Constraints: 16
# Models: 30
Avg time: 80.96833333333332
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|DuctFlow][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|BirthAsphyxia][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|DuctFlow][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|BirthAsphyxia][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|BirthAsphyxia]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|BirthAsphyxia]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia:Sick][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick]", 6),
# Constraints: 32
# Models: 30
Avg time: 114.53833333333336
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|Grunting:DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|DuctFlow][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|BirthAsphyxia][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Grunting:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|BirthAsphyxia][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|BirthAsphyxia][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|CardiacMixing][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|BirthAsphyxia][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
# Constraints: 64
# Models: 6
Avg time: 187.35
% Feasible: 83.33333333333333
% Constraints: 99.73958333333334
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),