# Constraints: 0
# Models: 6
Avg time: 26.290000000000003
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia|Disease][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia|Disease][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia|Disease][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|LungParench][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
# Constraints: 7
# Models: 30
Avg time: 58.09300000000001
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
# Constraints: 16
# Models: 30
Avg time: 77.35733333333334
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
# Constraints: 32
# Models: 30
Avg time: 109.26533333333336
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease:Age]", 6),
# Constraints: 64
# Models: 6
Avg time: 174.16666666666666
% Feasible: 100.0
% Constraints: 100.0
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 1),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 2),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 3),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 4),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 5),
c("[BirthAsphyxia][HypDistrib|DuctFlow:CardiacMixing][HypoxiaInO2|CardiacMixing:LungParench][CO2|LungParench][ChestXray|LungParench:LungFlow][Grunting|LungParench:Sick][LVHreport|LVH][LowerBodyO2|HypDistrib:HypoxiaInO2][RUQO2|HypoxiaInO2][CO2Report|CO2][XrayReport|ChestXray][Disease|BirthAsphyxia][GruntingReport|Grunting][Age|Disease:Sick][LVH|Disease][DuctFlow|Disease][CardiacMixing|Disease][LungParench|Disease][LungFlow|Disease][Sick|Disease]", 6),
